Add Swift Package Manager docs (#10827)
flutter/website: src/_includes/docs/swift-package-manager/migrate-macos-project-manually.md

> Once you enable the Swift Package Manager feature, the Flutter CLI will try

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you enable Swift Package Manager support, the Flutter CLI tries
```

Author: Fixed!

to migrate your project to add Swift Package Manager integration. This makes
your project download the Swift packages that your Flutter plugins depend on.

> However, the Flutter CLI may be unable to migrate your project if you've

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the Flutter CLI might be unable to migrate your project if you've
```

You might wonder why I keep changing "may" to "might". It's in our wordlist. "May" is generally used in legal contexts.  https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#may

Author: Thanks for the link, that's a good resource! :)

modified it significantly.

Please [file a bug][] before migrating manually to help the Flutter team improve
the automatic migration.
Please include the error message you received and consider including a copy of

> the of the following files in your bug report:

Reviewer: Same edits as above.

Author: Updated!

* `macos/Runner.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj`
* `macos/Runner.xcodeproj/xcshareddata/xcschemes/Runner.xcscheme`
  (or the xcscheme for the flavor used)

### Step 1: Add FlutterGeneratedPluginSwiftPackage Package Dependency {:.no_toc}

1. Open your app (`macos/Runner.xcworkspace`) in Xcode.

> 2. Navigate to Package Dependencies for the project.

Reviewer: Same edits as above. (Menu text should be bolded, for example.)

Author: Fixed!

   {% render docs/captioned-image.liquid,
   image:"development/packages-and-plugins/swift-package-manager/package-dependencies.png",
   caption:"The project's package dependencies" %}

> 3. Click the `+` button.

Reviewer: Same edits as above...

Author: Fixed!

Once you [turn on Swift Package Manager][] support, the Flutter CLI tries to

> migrate your project to add Swift Package Manager integration.

Reviewer 2: maybe: "the next time the CLI is run"

This makes your project download the Swift packages that your Flutter
plugins depend on.

> However, the Flutter CLI might be unable to migrate your project if you've

Reviewer 2: same: "even if" , here, right?

Author: I dropped the "significantly" qualifier and switched to wording similar to what you suggested here: https://github.com/flutter/website/pull/10827#discussion_r1680007985
